model_y_checklist.md, before:

*Feel free to print this out and bring it, along with a pen. Don't feel like you need to rush through the inspection. The delivery team at Tesla will certainly seem like they want to move quickly, but you don't need to leave the lot until you're 100% satisfied. Take your time."

## SECTION A - Verify pre-delivery vehicle records
- [ ] 1.  Check for the correct full name and address on your paperwork.
- [ ] 2.  Confirm the vehicle's VIN matches your paperwork.
- [ ] 3.  Check the vehicle's display screen for any information that does not match the vehicle (found by tapping the Tesla "T").
- [ ] 4.  Verify that the vehicle's Monroney record matches your configuration.

## SECTION B - Exterior inspection
- [ ] 1.  Verify that the vehicle's body color, interior, and wheels match what you configured.
- [ ] 2.  Inspect body exterior paint for defects. *NOTE: This should really be the only item which should cause you to reject a delivery; most other issues can be easily addressed in a separate service visit.*
- [ ] 3.  Inspect vehicle underside (front and rear) for signs of scraping, or damage.
- [ ] 4.  Check for any obvious body panel misalignment, or gaps. Especially the charge port, taillight and headlight housings.
- [ ] 5.  Inspect wheel rims for damage.
- [ ] 6.  Inspect all glass for signs of distortion, scratches, or cracks.
- [ ] 7.  Check for proper windshield and windshield trim installation.
- [ ] 8.  Inspect all edges of the roof glass panel and rear window.
- [ ] 9.  Test all doors to ensure they open and close without unreasonable effort or sound. Check paint in areas such as door hinges, that are not visible when doors are closed. *NOTE: Some deliveries have reported incomplete body painting in hidden areas.*
- [ ] 10.  Test opening and closing of the frunk. Check paint in areas that are not visible when frunk and trunk are closed.  *NOTE: Some deliveries have reported incomplete body painting in hidden areas.*
- [ ] 11.  Test opening and closing of the trunk using the auto-close button. The door should latch and seal automatically.
- [ ] 12.  Check for the towing eye under the frunk mat.
- [ ] 13.  Check for the tow harness (if tow hitch was ordered).
- [ ] 14.  Ensure door windows auto-close completely when doors are closed.
- [ ] 15.  Check for front license plate bracket (if applicable in your state).
- [ ] 16.  Check all front and rear exterior lights for signs of internal condensation.
- [ ] 17.  With all doors open, inspect the weather seals around door gaps and windows. *NOTE: Some deliveries have reported seals being "overlapped" incorrectly. This is easily fixed by hand in a few seconds, but worth noting.*

## SECTION C - Interior inspection
- [ ] 1.  Check for any error messages on the display screen.
- [ ] 2.  Touch the "Tesla T" at the top of the screen to bring up the "About Your Tesla" window. Tap the unicorn drawing to access the Sketch Pad. Leave the Sketch Pad up for a minute to make sure there are no phantom touches happening on the display.
- [ ] 3.  Gently test the driver and passenger door emergency release.
- [ ] 4.  Check all 4 windows to ensure they open and close properly.
- [ ] 5.  Inspect interior seat upholstery, door surfaces, dash, headliner & carpets (including passenger compartment, frunk, and trunk).
- [ ] 6.  Check left and right clothing hook operation.
- [ ] 7.  Check all seat belts for proper operation.
- [ ] 8.  Check the rear seats for proper fold-down operation.
- [ ] 9   Try to lift the bottom of the back seat to ensure it is securely attached to its base.
- [ ] 10.  Test the sound system to ensure all speakers are working (move fade/balance to all four points to verify)
- [ ] 11.  Test the steering wheel position controls to ensure proper operation.
- [ ] 12.  Press the center of the steering wheel to make sure the vehicle's horn works.
- [ ] 13.  Test the windshield wipers.
- [ ] 14.  Test the rearview camera.
- [ ] 15.  Check side mirrors for proper operation of folding and position adjustment.
- [ ] 16.  Check sun-visor operation and mirror condition.
- [ ] 17.  Check the rearview mirror for any warping or distortion.
- [ ] 18.  Test connectivity in all USB ports (1 USB-A/1 USB-C in the front, 2 USB-C in the rear).
- [ ] 19.  Test connectivity of wireless phone charger.

## SECTION D - Lighting inspection
- [ ] 1.  Vanity mirror lights.
- [ ] 2.  Front overhead driver & passenger lights.
- [ ] 3.  Rear overhead left & right side lights.
- [ ] 4.  Ambient lights.
- [ ] 5.  Driver & passenger foot wells.
- [ ] 6.  Driver & passenger door puddle lights.
- [ ] 7.  Console middle compartment light.
- [ ] 8.  Console rear compartment light.
- [ ] 9.  All door latch button lights.
- [ ] 10.  All door window button lights.
- [ ] 11.  Steering wheel control lights.
- [ ] 12.  Glovebox light (check glovebox opening and closing).
- [ ] 13.  Frunk light.
- [ ] 14.  Trunk lights (2).
- [ ] 15.  Fog lights.
- [ ] 16.  Headlights (low & high-beam).
- [ ] 17.  Front park lights.
- [ ] 18.  Front turn signal lights.
- [ ] 19.  Left & right side turn signal lights.
- [ ] 20.  Rear running lights.
- [ ] 21.  Brake lights.
- [ ] 22.  Rear turn signal lights.
- [ ] 23.  Sunvisor driver and passenger lights.

## SECTION E - Inspect charging ability
- [ ] 1.  Check the charge port door for proper operation and alignment.
- [ ] 2.  Check charge port indicator light.
- [ ] 3.  Ensure the vehicle will accept a charge.
- [ ] 4.  Check the mobile charging kit. Test it to ensure it works.
    -  J1772 adapter.
	-  NEMA 5-15 120v adapter.
	-  Mobile Connector with cable.

## SECTION F - Verify region-specific equipment
- [ ] 1.  Maryland deliveries should include Tesla's official inflation kit.

## SECTION G - Inspect pairing connectivity
- [ ] 1.  Test both key cards to ensure they work with your vehicle. Keep one key card on your person in case the phone app does not operate properly.
- [ ] 2.  Pair your smartphone to your vehicle over Bluetooth.

Commit message:

Add heated seats, heated steering wheel, non-shiny center console items supposedly standard for Model Y in spring 2021.

model_y_checklist.md, after:

*Feel free to print this out and bring it, along with a pen. Don't feel like you need to rush through the inspection. The delivery team at Tesla will certainly seem like they want to move quickly, but you don't need to leave the lot until you're 100% satisfied. Take your time."

## SECTION A - Verify pre-delivery vehicle records
- [ ] 1.  Check for the correct full name and address on your paperwork.
- [ ] 2.  Confirm the vehicle's VIN matches your paperwork.
- [ ] 3.  Check the vehicle's display screen for any information that does not match the vehicle (found by tapping the Tesla "T").
- [ ] 4.  Verify that the vehicle's Monroney record matches your configuration.

## SECTION B - Exterior inspection
- [ ] 1.  Verify that the vehicle's body color, interior, and wheels match what you configured.
- [ ] 2.  Inspect body exterior paint for defects. *NOTE: This should really be the only item which should cause you to reject a delivery; most other issues can be easily addressed in a separate service visit.*
- [ ] 3.  Inspect vehicle underside (front and rear) for signs of scraping, or damage.
- [ ] 4.  Check for any obvious body panel misalignment, or gaps. Especially the charge port, taillight and headlight housings.
- [ ] 5.  Inspect wheel rims for damage.
- [ ] 6.  Inspect all glass for signs of distortion, scratches, or cracks.
- [ ] 7.  Check for proper windshield and windshield trim installation.
- [ ] 8.  Inspect all edges of the roof glass panel and rear window.
- [ ] 9.  Test all doors to ensure they open and close without unreasonable effort or sound. Check paint in areas such as door hinges, that are not visible when doors are closed. *NOTE: Some deliveries have reported incomplete body painting in hidden areas.*
- [ ] 10.  Test opening and closing of the frunk. Check paint in areas that are not visible when frunk and trunk are closed.  *NOTE: Some deliveries have reported incomplete body painting in hidden areas.*
- [ ] 11.  Test opening and closing of the trunk using the auto-close button. The door should latch and seal automatically.
- [ ] 12.  Check for the towing eye under the frunk mat.
- [ ] 13.  Check for the tow harness (if tow hitch was ordered).
- [ ] 14.  Ensure door windows auto-close completely when doors are closed.
- [ ] 15.  Check for front license plate bracket (if applicable in your state).
- [ ] 16.  Check all front and rear exterior lights for signs of internal condensation.
- [ ] 17.  With all doors open, inspect the weather seals around door gaps and windows. *NOTE: Some deliveries have reported seals being "overlapped" incorrectly. This is easily fixed by hand in a few seconds, but worth noting.*

## SECTION C - Interior inspection
- [ ] 1.  Check for any error messages on the display screen.
- [ ] 2.  Touch the "Tesla T" at the top of the screen to bring up the "About Your Tesla" window. Tap the unicorn drawing to access the Sketch Pad. Leave the Sketch Pad up for a minute to make sure there are no phantom touches happening on the display.
- [ ] 3.  Gently test the driver and passenger door emergency release.
- [ ] 4.  Check all 4 windows to ensure they open and close properly.
- [ ] 5.  Inspect interior seat upholstery, door surfaces, dash, headliner & carpets (including passenger compartment, frunk, and trunk).
- [ ] 6.  Check left and right clothing hook operation.
- [ ] 7.  Check all seat belts for proper operation.
- [ ] 8.  Check heated seat operation.
- [ ] 9.  Check the rear seats for proper fold-down operation.
- [ ] 10.  Try to lift the bottom of the back seat to ensure it is securely attached to its base.
- [ ] 11.  Test the sound system to ensure all speakers are working (move fade/balance to all four points to verify)
- [ ] 12.  Test the steering wheel position controls to ensure proper operation.
- [ ] 13.  Press the center of the steering wheel to make sure the vehicle's horn works.
- [ ] 14.  Test the heated steering wheel feature.
- [ ] 15.  Test the windshield wipers.
- [ ] 16.  Test the rearview camera.
- [ ] 17.  Check side mirrors for proper operation of folding and position adjustment.
- [ ] 18.  Check sun-visor operation and mirror condition.
- [ ] 19.  Check the rearview mirror for any warping or distortion.
- [ ] 20.  Test connectivity in all USB ports (1 USB-A/1 USB-C in the front, 2 USB-C in the rear).
- [ ] 21.  Test connectivity of wireless phone charger.
- [ ] 22.  Center console should not be shiny.

## SECTION D - Lighting inspection
- [ ] 1.  Vanity mirror lights.
- [ ] 2.  Front overhead driver & passenger lights.
- [ ] 3.  Rear overhead left & right side lights.
- [ ] 4.  Ambient lights.
- [ ] 5.  Driver & passenger foot wells.
- [ ] 6.  Driver & passenger door puddle lights.
- [ ] 7.  Console middle compartment light.
- [ ] 8.  Console rear compartment light.
- [ ] 9.  All door latch button lights.
- [ ] 10.  All door window button lights.
- [ ] 11.  Steering wheel control lights.
- [ ] 12.  Glovebox light (check glovebox opening and closing).
- [ ] 13.  Frunk light.
- [ ] 14.  Trunk lights (2).
- [ ] 15.  Fog lights.
- [ ] 16.  Headlights (low & high-beam).
- [ ] 17.  Front park lights.
- [ ] 18.  Front turn signal lights.
- [ ] 19.  Left & right side turn signal lights.
- [ ] 20.  Rear running lights.
- [ ] 21.  Brake lights.
- [ ] 22.  Rear turn signal lights.
- [ ] 23.  Sunvisor driver and passenger lights.

## SECTION E - Inspect charging ability
- [ ] 1.  Check the charge port door for proper operation and alignment.
- [ ] 2.  Check charge port indicator light.
- [ ] 3.  Ensure the vehicle will accept a charge.
- [ ] 4.  Check the mobile charging kit. Test it to ensure it works.
    -  J1772 adapter.
	-  NEMA 5-15 120v adapter.
	-  Mobile Connector with cable.

## SECTION F - Verify region-specific equipment
- [ ] 1.  Maryland deliveries should include Tesla's official inflation kit.

## SECTION G - Inspect pairing connectivity
- [ ] 1.  Test both key cards to ensure they work with your vehicle. Keep one key card on your person in case the phone app does not operate properly.
- [ ] 2.  Pair your smartphone to your vehicle over Bluetooth.
